added docs changes for Apache, Apache Tomcat, Haproxy, IIS-10, Nginx, Nginx Ingress, Nginx Plus and Nginx Plus Ingress (#5017)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/web-servers/apache.md

This section provides instructions for configuring log and metrics collection for the Sumo Logic app for Apache.

### Step 1: Configure fields in Sumo Logic

> As part of the app installation process, the following fields will created by default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the app installation process, the following fields will be created by default:
```

* `component`
* `environment`
* `webserver_system`
* `webserver_farm`

> Additionally, if you are using Apache in the Kubernetes environment, these following additional fields will be created by default as a part of app installation process:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, if you are using Apache in the Kubernetes environment, these following additional fields will be created by default as a part of the app installation process:
```

> Additionally, if you are using Apache in the Kubernetes environment, these following additional fields will be created by default as a part of the app installation process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if you're using Apache in the Kubernetes environment, the following additional fields will be created by default during the app installation process:
```

* `pod_labels_component`
* `pod_labels_environment`
* `pod_labels_webserver_system`
* `pod_labels_webserver_farm`

> To learn more about setting up fields, refer to [Sumo Logic Fields](/docs/manage/fields).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on setting up fields, see [Fields](/docs/manage/fields).
```

   kubectl describe pod <apache_pod_name>
   ```
   The Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection process will automatically capture the logs from `stdout`/`stderr` and will send the logs to Sumo Logic. For more information on deploying the Sumo Logic-Kubernetes-Collection, please see [this page](/docs/integrations/containers-orchestration/kubernetes#collecting-metrics-and-logs-for-the-kubernetes-app).
<br/>

> **FER to normalize the fields in Kubernetes environments**. Labels created in Kubernetes environments automatically are prefixed with `pod_labels`. To normalize these for our app to work, we will have a Field Extraction Rule automatically created for Apache Web Server Application Components named as **AppObservabilityApacheWebserverFER**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**FER to normalize the fields in Kubernetes environments**. Labels created in Kubernetes environments automatically are prefixed with `pod_labels`. To normalize these for our app to work, we will have a Field Extraction Rule automatically created for Apache Web Server Application Components named as **AppObservabilityApacheWebserverFER**.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/web-servers/Apache-Server-Status.png')} alt="test" />

> ## Installing Apache Monitors
> 
> This section provides instructions for installing the Sumo Logic Monitors for Apache. These instructions assume you have already set up collection as described in the [Collecting Logs and Metrics for Apache](#collecting-logs-and-metrics-for-apache) page.
> 
> Sumo Logic has provided a predefined set of alerts, which can be imported and available through [Sumo Logic monitors](/docs/alerts/monitors), to help you proactively monitor your Apache Web servers and farms. These monitors are built based on metrics and logs datasets and include pre-set thresholds based on industry best practices and recommendations.
> 
> For details about individual alerts, see [Apache Alerts](#apache-alerts).
> 
> import CreateMonitors from '../../reuse/apps/create-monitors.md';
> 
> :::note
> - Ensure that you have [Manage Monitors role capability](/docs/manage/users-roles/roles/role-capabilities/#alerting) permissions to install the Apache Tomcat Alerts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Installing Apache monitors

This section provides instructions for installing the Sumo Logic Monitors for Apache. These instructions assume you have already set up collection as described in the [Collecting Logs and Metrics for Apache](#collecting-logs-and-metrics-for-apache) page.

Sumo Logic has provided a predefined set of alerts, which can be imported and available through [Sumo Logic monitors](/docs/alerts/monitors), to help you proactively monitor your Apache Web servers and farms. These monitors are built based on metrics and logs datasets and include pre-set thresholds based on industry best practices and recommendations.

For details about individual alerts, see [Apache alerts](#apache-alerts).

import CreateMonitors from '../../reuse/apps/create-monitors.md';

:::note
- Ensure that you have [Manage Monitors role capability](/docs/manage/users-roles/roles/role-capabilities/#alerting) permissions to install the Apache alerts.
```
